host, receiptcheck.quantumult.app
host, iosapps.itunes.apple.com
host, updates.cdn-apple.com
host, speedtest-univ-results-api.speedtest.net
host, user-api.speedtest.net 
host, sydney.bing.com

host-keyword, mtalk
host-keyword, googleapis

host-suffix, adtidy.org
host-suffix, deepl.com
host-suffix, weather.com
host-suffix, windy.com
host-suffix, gstatic.com
host-suffix, doubleclick.net
host-suffix, fanart.tv
host-suffix, themoviedb.org
host-suffix, tmdb.org
host-suffix, thetvdb.com
host-suffix, omdbapi.com
host-suffix, nvidia.com
host-suffix, nvidia.cn
host-suffix, geforce.com
host-suffix, geforce.cn
host-suffix, bing.com
host-suffix, ndmdhs.com
host-suffix, itunes.apple.com
host-suffix, snssdk.com
host-suffix, amemv.com
